22/10/25:

(should I date and/or date and time these notes?)

the command "django-admin startproject config ." created the "config" folder. am I ok to change it to the project name? 
I think so. why config? Did the codestar project have "config" folder? or the example source code?

user story workflow not set up rpoperly, see 
https://learn.codeinstitute.net/courses/course-v1:CodeInstitute+FSD101_KC+3/courseware/713441aba05441dfb3a7cf04f3268b3f/824fccecd0fe4e44871eeabcbf69d830/

Not sure which "templates" folder to put the HTMLs in, will put them in the wrong place for now, fix this later. 
Although, will Django insist on finding these HTMLs in specific templates folders? I will find out. And deal with it if it happens.

I don't know what I'm supposed to do with the readme yet! ✔~

I should read the capstone criteria again ✔~

I should organize my code inst notes on onedrive so I know what I've got ✔

write a list of all the lesson page titles for easy skimming and finding ✔

next: 
- read capstone criteria ✔
- make sure what I'm supposed to do with the readme ✔
- look through my LMS skimming document and think/reflect/etc X

I want to get an overall structure again and work down from there, using my notes, LMS skimming and making brief notes. 
!!!- See LO 1.3, I should document stuff (?), use an 
"agile model", user stories linked to project goals.

found a pdf that tells me everything I need to do, it seems. The next thing on there is adding a new app. I also need to write agile plans, etc...

TOMORROW:
with pen and paper, do diagrams and writing explaining how django works. how urls and other things move between the various files in the project 
boggles me. trace one url request, and what that causes to happen, referencing the simple broad diagram as well as the files and etc.  ✔

23-10-25:

I think my plan now is to just quickly go through all the LMS content today, to understand it better. It's quick work. I got up to here: ✔(what was relevant)
https://learn.codeinstitute.net/courses/course-v1:CodeInstitute+FSD101_KC+3/courseware/713441aba05441dfb3a7cf04f3268b3f/6b4a4f493cbd46ecb6f6a841c98f0c82/

One other thing I can do right now is inch forward on the html for the "article display". X

24/10:

after watching all the viedos, write here what should be in the project so far, where I am on the whole project, where I need to go, and what is the next step.

there should be:

URL routing
basic table for a post
superuser
basic html, base and post display


what is in the project:

config:
settings.py
urls.py:
    takes "" goes to my_website URLS, "admin/" goes to inbuilt admin, summernote/" goes to im not sure, can find out later if needed

my_website:
admin.py
models.py
urls.py:
    takes "", gives homepageview function from local views.py
views.py:
    has homepageview function and the start of article view function. find the class view for that as its easier?
templates folder

static:
wont look at this now.

templates:
(move this? the video mentioned it should be somewhere else. does it matter?) can experiment if the code cant find this html. not sure howit looks 
for those yet.


where I need to go:
- make sure the post list display works (can be very ugly at this stage, I don't care)
- allow users to create accounts and log in
- create a drafts page ("your drafts") which can write their own drafts and also see theirs that are awaiting approval
- users' articles can be updated by them

what is the next step:
WRITE ABOUT where I am with the two htmls for article view, think more then plan more.

27 oct:
tomorrow: write about how I'm going to do either comments or articles. Decide which is best, then
plan how to do that.

28 oct:
do articles, with a separate page to see your submissions/drafts/articles

so... each article will go to "my submissions". new binary in table, "draft/request approval". In my submissions, each article there has a button allowing edit. Probably do
 a sidebar to edit it.

 NOW: I need to look at the stuff on static files, understand it, and do it, so that I can use styling to put my article create button and form on the right of mysubmissions.
 son't forget each awaiting approval article needs an edit button.